RUMM-139 Add documentation for logging (#46)
DataDog/dd-sdk-ios: docs/README.md

> # Datadog IOS SDK documentation

Author: ```suggestion
# Datadog iOS SDK Documentation
```

Find in this folder dedicated documentation for:

> * [Collect and send logs from your IOS application to Datadog](/log_collection.md).

Author: ```suggestion
* [Collecting and sending logs from your iOS application to Datadog](/log_collection.md).
```
